---
slug: ArithFi-Copy-Trading-TermsConditions
title: ArithFi Copy Trading Terms & Conditions
tags: ['copy trading']
---

# ArithFi Copy Trading Terms & Conditions

## **1.** ArithFi **Copy Trading Terms And Conditions**

1.1. ArithFi Copy Trading (hereinafter the “copy trade service” or “copy trading services” or “copy trading”) is a service that allows users (a “Copier” or “you” or “your”) to copy trades carried out by other traders (a “Master” or a “trader”). You can only be either a Copier or a Master.

1.2. This Schedule defines the terms that will apply to you when using the ArithFi Copy Trading service on our Platform. By proceeding beyond this page, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to the terms set out in this Schedule.

1.3. The terms in this Schedule apply to you in addition to our Terms and Conditions, which apply to all of our services, including copy trading. Where there is a conflict between the Terms and Conditions and this Schedule, the terms of this Schedule shall prevail. Unless otherwise defined, capitalised words in this Schedule will have the same meaning given to those words in the Terms and Conditions. In the case of a conflict, the capitalised words in this schedule shall prevail. Using our copy trading service, you agree to the terms in this Schedule and fee from us or a Master.

## **2. Risk Disclosure**

Please note that this Risk Disclosure is in addition to any risk disclosure about products traded on our platform. In deciding to copy a specific trader or trader's strategy and/or portfolio, you should consider your financial situation, including your financial commitments. You should understand that copy trading is highly speculative and that you could sustain significant losses exceeding the master amount used to copy a trader or traders. You should, in particular, be aware of the following risks associated with copy trading:

(a) Copy trading involves automated trading execution whereby trades are opened and closed in your copy trading account without your manual intervention and further instructions from you;

(b) If you manually modify or close an order generated by the Copy Trader functionality, you may achieve a materially different result than the trader that you copied;

(c) The position cannot be opened if the copy amount is lower than the minimum trade requirement (as specified on our platform).

(d) When you follow a trader and wait for the trader to open a position again, the system will automatically copy the position for you.

(e) Cash-out and withdrawals by the trader, strategy and/or portfolio you are copying may also generate a materially different result for you than the Master that you copied. This is due to several different factors, including your starting account balance, the effect of the difference in trading proportions, the minimum trade size, your account settings, differences in spread, interest and investment price at the time of your investment, and also the difference in fees that may be incurred;

(f) Following and/or copying the trading decisions of inexperienced and/or unprofessional traders creates risk, and we make no representations as to the level of expertise, skill and care of a particular trader you choose to follow and/or copy;

(g) You may be copying traders whose ultimate purpose, intention, or financial status may differ from yours;

(h) Following and/or copying traders or portfolios that trade in or which include products that are not available to you (whether as a result of Applicable Law or otherwise) and where a replacement equivalent trade cannot be executed may result in the economic performance, portfolio composition, risk rating and other factors relating to your portfolio deviating from the portfolio of the copied trader or the Copy Portfolio.

## **3. Trade Execution**

3.1. The Platform allows you to interact, follow and copy other traders, strategies and/or portfolios by using the information and providing you with "trading square features". Trading square features include detailed account information, trading histories, risk profiles, and other information with a trader’s strategies and/or portfolios that may be useful to you when deciding whether to copy such trader strategy.

3.2. Copy trading is a trading functionality that allows you to copy the accounts of other traders. By placing a copy trade instruction through our Platform, you are authorising and instructing us to execute trades for your account that automatically mirror the account of the traders to the maximum extent possible, subject to limitations in the service or the copy trader functionality which may be disclosed on our Platform from time to time, without any prior consultation, consent of approval. The copy trades may be executed on a pro-rata basis and about the same products and the same trading instructions. As a result, we are authorised to open and close positions, set limits and perform all other actions necessary to carry out the copy trading service.

3.3. We may be unable to copy trades in the same manner as the trader for the following reasons:

(a) Such trade may be unavailable to you or your account due to Applicable Law or otherwise.

(b) We will not open trades in amounts lower than the minimum trade.

3.4. The copy trade service may result in trades in several instruments. Each trade opened on your behalf through copy trading will usually be classified under the same asset class as classified in the copied account.

3.5. If you are restricted from trading a certain asset class or specific product due to Applicable Law, other regulatory requirements or any other reason that we may decide at our sole discretion, then we may at our sole discretion, take reasonable steps, permitted by Applicable Law and where our service enables this, to ensure that an equivalent or similar trade is opened in your account to replace the restricted trade (for example, replacing a derivative trade with a trade in a similar underlying product or vice versa).

3.6. Before entering into a copy trade, you must have sufficient funds in your account to be put towards a copy trade.

3.7. Where no remaining funds are in your copy trading account to copy trading, any subsequent copy trade orders will not be placed.

3.8. In ensuring that we can copy a trade for you to the maximum extent permissible, you authorise us, in our sole discretion, to allocate the balance available in your account proportionate to the copied account.

3.9. When we automatically execute an order based on your instruction to copy a trader, we will not be required to seek your consent, prior approval or any confirmation from you before and for the execution of such an order.

3.10. There are several order restrictions when copy trading, including the minimum and maximum amount that can be invested in any trader you copy, the minimum amount on any single copy trade, and the maximum number of traders you can copy. The full restrictions are listed on our website and may be amended occasionally at our sole discretion. Open trades that breach these order restrictions will be closed out at our discretion.

3.11. When using our Copy Trader service, you can choose to copy only new trades that are opened after you begin copying the trader's account. This means we will not copy any trades in the trader's account that were entered into before this point.

## **4. Limitations of Liability**

4.1. WE PROVIDE OUR SERVICES, INCLUDING OUR COPY TRADE ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, WE PROVIDE NO WARRANTY AND MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OF THE QUALITY OF OUR PLATFORM AND OUR SERVICE. BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU DO SO SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND NO THEORY OF LAW (TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE), SHALL WE OR ANY OF THE INDEMNITEES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE, THE PLATFORM, THE SITE, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT OR ANY ACCOUNT, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR TRADING LOSSES, LOSS OF INFORMATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, OR LOSS OF DATA, OR LIABILITIES UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER THEORY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY MANNER TO THE SITE, THE PLATFORM, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT OR ANY ACCOUNT OR FOR ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND BY ANY THIRD PARTY, EVEN IF WE KNEW OR HAD REASON TO KNOW OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, CLAIM OR DEMAND IF THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER AND WAIVER OF LIABILITY SHOULD BE DEEMED INVALID OR INEFFECTIVE.

4.2. In addition, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, we will not be liable for (i) any actions we take to carry out your instructions with a copy trade or (ii) any decisions or actions taken by a trader or strategy that you have chosen to copy.

4.3. We reserve the right to assess whether copy trading is a suitable investment tool for you and under what conditions (the "Suitability Assessment"). The result of the Suitability Assessment, if we should conduct it, is determined by information and documents provided to us by you at our request, which you can update at any time.

4.4. We may establish your investment profile based on your Suitability Assessment, and your Suitability Assessment may limit your ability to enter into copy trades. If we determine that copy trading is not a suitable investment tool for you, then you will not be permitted to access the copy trading functionalities of our Platform. We are not liable for any losses you may suffer due to providing false or misleading information as part of your Suitability Assessment, including where this leads to us creating an inaccurate investment profile for you.

4.5. Notwithstanding the provision above to the maximum permitted extent under Applicable Law, copy trading shall not amount to any form of investment, portfolio or asset management.

4.6. To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, nothing in our copy trade services or functionality shall amount to any personalised investment recommendations, investment advice, tax-related advice or other financial advice.

4.7. Any explanation or information we give you as part of our services or about the performance of the copy trade is not intended to be. It should not be considered as any form of investment advice. Any information provided by us through our Platform is solely for informational purposes.

4.8. You can use any information gathered from our website or copy trading features as a starting point for independent research and investment decision-making. However, you should not make investment decisions based on information provided on our platform or by our community.

4.9. We will take reasonable steps to monitor the performance of any copied traders under the copy trading functionality, as well as the performance of the functionality of our copy trading service.

4.10. We reserve the right to pause, stop, or block (a) any trader from being copied under the Copy Trader functionality and (b) any trading strategy from being copied under the Copy Trading functionality. Open trades entered into due to the Copy Trader functionality will be closed.

4.11. We reserve the right to terminate the Copy Trader service at our discretion (including if you no longer meet the criteria to receive the services or it is not feasible to provide the services due to any rules or regulations applicable to us) by giving written notice to you.

4.12. We may also terminate the Copy Trader service if we suspect or have reason to believe that (i) prohibited trading activities, including manipulative or abusive trading activities, are being conducted; (ii) fraudulent or incorrect information has been provided during the account opening process; or (iii) you have otherwise acted in bad faith.

4.13. On termination of the Copy Trader service, open trades entered into due to these functionalities will be closed.

4.14. We reserve the right to amend the terms of the copy trader service without your further consent.

## **5. Disclaimers**

5.1. We do not represent or guarantee the performance of any trader, investment, account, portfolio, or strategy. We do not guarantee the recurrence of past rates of return made by a trader you choose to copy, and the profits (or losses) you make or incur may not match those of traders you copy.

5.2. Past performance, risk scores, statistics, and any other information concerning our Platform’s traders under our Copy Trader functionality are unreliable indicators of future performance.

5.3. We do not represent or guarantee that you will achieve profits or losses similar to those shown to a trader that you are copying.
